Qin Feng, can you stop bragging about being gorgeous?
When will there be a supplement?
More advanced mobile phone materials
Can you please stop embarrassing me?
Moxie, trust me.
I really developed the latest cell phone
Enough Qin Feng
Don't embarrass me anymore
Do you see it?
This kid is so cowardly that he doesn't even have the courage to take the stage
Shameful stuff
Qin Peng tells you the truth
Even if you develop a new material that surpasses Sharp
It didn't work either
Because Sharp's phone is still included.
A game with Tetris
Do you have one? That's the cool thing about guided tours?
Not only superior technology
And have a super innovative thinking
A Tetris
I can benefit from you like this
I told you the truth
This phone I developed
Not only can you play Tetris
You can even play Red Alert.
StarCraft
And of course that's what the game does.
It's not just this phone I developed.
It's just not worth mentioning.
Because of this phone I developed
The intelligent end point across the ages
Qingfeng, can you stop talking nonsense?
They're all computer games.
How could he have put it in his phone?
Hahaha, even his wife doesn't believe him.
Qingfeng, are you bragging now without drafting?
Just you trash
I'm afraid you don't know
How much memory does a large-scale game take up on a mobile phone?
Hey, this kid is just talking nonsense
I thought he had two brushes
I didn't expect him to be a complete liar
If you really develop Qingfeng
What's new?
You can show it on stage.
Who doesn't have the ability to brag?
And I said I built a spaceship. Okay.
If you want to see it, I'll show it to you.